Hi Friends,
Are you getting the error code 0x8024402C
on installing updates via Windows update in
your Windows 8 PC? Let's go ahead and see
how you can resolve the issue.
On the Start screen, click on the "Internet
Explorer" tile to open it.
Click on the Gear icon, and then click on
Internet Options
On the Connections tab, click on LAN Settings,
and then click on the Advanced option.
If there is any entry in the Exceptions section
delete it, and then click OK.
Click "Yes" to turn off the proxy connection
Click "OK" twice, and then minimize the
Internet Explorer
Go to the start screen
Right click on any blank area, and then click
on All Apps
Under Windows System, right click on the Command
prompt, and then click on Run as Administrator.
On the command Prompt window
Type "netsh [space] winhttp [space] reset
[space] proxy", and press ENTER key
Type "net [space] stop [space] wuauserv",
and press ENTER key
Type "net [space] start [space] wuauserv"
, and press ENTER key
Type "exit", and press ENTER key
Now you can try to install the updates,
To do so move the mouse pointer to the top
right corner of the screen to access the Charms
menu, and then click on the Settings charm
Click on Change PC settings
Under PC Settings, select Windows Update
Click on Check for updates now to check for
updates
If it works then it's fine
If not close the Windows Update window
Go to Desktop and launch Internet Explorer
again
On the Tools menu, click on Internet Options
Click on the Connections tab, and then click
on LAN Settings,
Select the checkbox next to Automatically
Detect Settings, and then click OK twice.
Close Internet explorer, and then try to install the Windows update again.
Wasn't that quick and easy? Thanks for watching!